While we won't build a Kafka Connect plug-in in this course,
we should still understand a bit about how the underlying framework works.
Thankfully, you're already mostly familiar with how coffee connect plug-ins work.
They're very similar to the Kafka consumers and producers you've already built.
The Java framework, that is provided for building connectors provides a series
of object oriented models that must be satisfied in order to be used.
At a high level, every Kafka connect plug and defines a few things.
Each Kafka connect plug-in has connectors,
which are high level abstractions responsible for managing tasks.
Task contain the code that specifically manages how data
should be produced into or consumed out of our Kafka brokers.
Kafka's data representation is often different
from that of systems integrating with, for example,
the data in a Cassandra table,
or a JSON file and an S3 bucket may not
be appropriately formatted for the destination Kafka topic.
The Kafka connect framework accommodates for this by defining converters
which are responsible for defining a mapping between the source,
or destination system and Kafka connected self.
Converters can even be used to turn data into Avro or JSON.
At times it will make sense for you to build your own reasonable connectors,
however the vast majority of the time,
you will simply be able to make use of existing open source connectors.